◉ Notification History has been added! You can now filter similar notifications directly on SpeakThat's home screen!       ◉ The App Picker screen now has a filter button of its own.       ◉ FOSS licenses are now visible on the About page.       ◉ Bluetooth Onboarding button has correct logic! I'm so sorry for that one!       ◉ Voice Settings test button now obeys your settings.       ◉ Australian voice is no longer British.       ◉ Canadian voice is no longer there.       ◉ The Languages section now includes all supported languages, even if only a few lines have been translated. This means languages will be added sooner after completion.       ◉ Many settings have been moved to the new Compatibility Settings page, as this reduces confusion for settings that exist purely as workarounds and hacks to correct for Android's weirdness.       ◉ WiFi conditions now work correctly! They require permission to use your location all the time, so make sure to grant that if you need WiFi-based rules.       ◉ Included the FreeDroidWarn library by woheller69.       ◉ General Settings now has a back arrow.       ◉ Development Settings has been moved under to the bottom of the list.       ◉ The following changelogs are from 1.7.0 as they are still very much relevant!      ◉ IMPORTANT: Conditional Rules has been overhauled massively. If you have any rules set up, you should check them to ensure they still work. While you're there, you can now add a variety of other conditions and actions. These give you much greater control over your notification readouts. The new Conditions include:    ◉ Battery Percentage    ◉ Charging Status    ◉ Notification Contains    ◉ Notification From    ◉ Foreground App (Accessibility Permission required)    ◉ Device Unlocked    ◉ Screen Orientation       ◉ The new Actions include:    ◉ Apply Custom Speech Format    ◉ Force Private    ◉ Override Private       ◉ Conditional Rules can now be fully exported and imported along with or separately to the global settings configurations.       ◉ In the Filter Settings, you can now find the option to remove emojis, which makes for much cleaner speech output.       ◉ Additionally, bugs related to Content Cap have been fixed. Speech should now end correctly, with queues continuing and music being resumed. Thanks for the bug reports that helped me diagnose these!       ◉ Wave to Stop has been updated, adding a new "Wave Hold Time" slider. This lets you decide how long the proximity sensor must be covered to cancel a readout.       ◉ URL Handling now handles bare links (any that don't start with "https" or "www").       ◉ SpeakThat's notification channel now defaults to low priority.       ◉ A compatibility patch has been added for older TTS engines.       ◉ Adaptive Icon support has been added.       ◉ Minor UI and spelling improvements.